add rational why ament_index pkgs don't have explicit performance tests (#65)
ament/ament_index: ament_index_cpp/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

### Performance [4.iv]

> An environment variable defines the prefix paths of such resource indices and the API has a time complexity of `O(n)` where `n` is the number of prefix paths.

Reviewer: @dirk-thomas meta: one could argue that we should have tests that backup that claim.

Author: How would you create a test to actually do that? What kind of thresholds would you use?

Reviewer: I'd probably benchmark queries with increasing values of `n` and check if the result of a linear regression _reasonably_ (within one or two standard deviations) explains the measurements. We would need a big index to see through OS noise though, I give you that. 

And actually, now that I think about it, perhaps that's the only kind of performance test that would make sense here.

Author: Measuring enough different N trying to figure out if the complexity is linear as promised would be possible. (Even though this sounds extremely costly to me.)

> The time complexity to query information is either scaling lineraly with the number of resource types or with the number of resources per type (depending on which dimension is requested).

Reviewer: @dirk-thomas nit: 
```suggestion
The time complexity to query information is either scaling linearly with the number of resource types or with the number of resources per type (depending on which dimension is requested).
```

Author: Thanks. Fixed in 567dc522ed7596a0f5cad69844e0fad0e8f02936.

If the content of a specific resource is retrieved the time complexity is linear to the size of the content as is the memory usage in that case since the content is returned to the caller.

> The performance of the implementation is defined by the performance of the underlying filesystem functions and the implemented logic doesn't add any significant overhead.

Reviewer: @dirk-thomas meta: while I agree the logic overhead is likely negligible compared to that of IO, the performance of `ament_index` queries has more to do with the way the index is structured than with the code itself.

Author: That is why I tried to describe the complexity of the different kind of queries available.

Arguably if there would be a more efficient way the resource index could be structured to make queries more efficient (which still satisfies the requirements) that might be something better discussed on the design document (https://github.com/ament/ament_cmake/blob/master/ament_cmake_core/doc/resource_index.md).

Reviewer: > Arguably if there would be a more efficient way the resource index could be structured to make queries more efficient

Sure, my point being that to say `The performance of the implementation is defined by the performance of the underlying filesystem functions` is not entirely correct.

Author: Can you elaborate why?

Reviewer: Re-reading this thread, I get the impression that we're using the term `performance` for different things (algorithmic complexity vs. runtime cost). Since you do mention time-complexity, perhaps rephrasing as:

```suggestion
The runtime cost of the implementation is dominated by the runtime cost of the underlying filesystem API, and the implemented logic doesn't add any significant overhead.
```

would constrain interpretation. WDYT?

Author: Sounds good to me - applied in both locations in d0dbd707f6a25ef106f1a3265e13f86b7db1cfb8.
